hey there CP oh here and this will be my
second video as part of my Tarot 450 Pro
V to build series originally it wasn't
unboxing with some updates I decided to
just turn it into a build series so upon
encouragement from from some other folks
on the forums and in various other
sources basically I think I'm gonna
document this build if not for anything
other than my own ability to recall what
I'm doing and and see the disassembly of
things and the reassembly of things so
if I run into a problem I have it all
all ready to go so in the meantime you
guys will also be able to share in this
so I went and got some tools today I
actually ran down to the local hobby
store I've been buying pretty much
everything online because the pricing
pretty much can't be beat even paying
shipping you know I'm not telling
anything you don't know it's it's
definitely hard for the local hobby
stores to compete with price so when I
have an opportunity to run in and
quickly buy a couple things I know I'm
gonna need it's nice to be able to stop
in and and spend a little bit of money
in there so I went in for something very
specific which was some CA glue so I did
get some of that I got the medium CA
that that I'm gonna use for this build I
knew I needed that and I knew that the
hobby store was the place to get that I
tried to pick up some Loctite they were
out but but I am going with the blue
thread Locker I found this at an auto
parts store actually next door to the to
the hobby shop so I'll be using that the
other thing I wanted to get from them
that I was happy to see they had in
stock
is this ball link pliers I don't know if
everybody uses these or not I've seen
several recommendations for them and I
thought what the heck may as well save
myself some grief if these are going to
come in handy
a little expensive I was surprised there
were a little over 20 bucks
normally I'm much cheaper than that I
would buy a whole set of pliers for 12
bucks right so but if it saves me a lot
of trouble I figured what the heck and
like I said I'm supporting the local
hobby store as well with that same note
I spent a little money on these aligned
nut drivers or hex drivers Wow these
were these are also a little bit over 20
bucks I could probably find them cheaper
elsewhere but like I said make a small
investment locally those guys are real
nice so I'm sure if I need local help
they'll help me don't mind spending a
little money in their store so I got the
the 4 piece of line set that seems to be
what I'll need for anything with this
particular build as far as for hex
drivers or then I also got some
ultralight oil
this is Hobby loo brand designed for for
model usage so I figured I couldn't go
wrong there I probably could have found
some three in one oil or something
similar about with this it also comes
with this very neat extension tube so
that if you need to get into someplace
tight you can do that so I'm not sure if
I'll need that when I get into a
maintenance program or not but figured
it can't hurt and then the other thing I
needed which was between the CA glue and
this this was my main reason for going
shopping today this is a three
millimeter nylon locking nut and I'll
tell you why I needed that because you
guys may have seen if you watch my
unboxing video on the head assembly
I pulled it out of the box out of the
bag and actually dropped a bolt out it
fell down to the table it turns out the
reason it fell out is because it did not
have a nut on the end of it
like this side does so I looked all over
every bag all over the table
I can't find a nut I looked at the video
I don't see a nut you know falling out
and getting lost or anything like that I
just think it's shipped with a missing
nut if that's the worst thing that
happens I'll take it so in the end it
meant I had to go find a replacement
I was pretty easy like I said the hobby
store actually had this for two bucks to
set a twelve so I've got some some room
to lose a few more here but I'm gonna do
a little unboxing right here how's that
so in the end that should now be my
replacement nuts and I'm back to a
complete kit so two extra bucks I
probably could have found it at an auto
parts store as an individual item for
probably ten cents but what the heck so
now I'm golden as far as I know I have
everything I need to start some assembly
at least the basic stuff so I'm probably
going to start on this head assembly
next or first should it be and I'm going
to work on that right here on this work
surface and I'll videotape it and you
can follow along with me
so that'll be coming up soon when I get
a chance to start that and I'm gonna
take my time and we'll just run through
it so appreciate it thanks for watching
and catch you on the next one